>> What I want to do is to
take us into the first sound
session.
To start is the movement
into the mystery of Nut,
and we're going to do it by
traveling through the stars.
And what will happen--
I'll be over here with
the drum if the drum has
managed to hold its pitch.
And if not, then I'll
use another instrument.
And what I'd like you
to do is to imagine
yourself floating in the stars.
Now, there's an element to add.
Those of you who
worked with me before
know how to go
into spaciousness,
because what I have
found when you look
at all the comparative
alchemical systems,
they all have a method for
operating in such a way
that the right
hemisphere comes online.
They all have
different techniques.
A lot of them use sound,
mantras, various--
sometimes movement,
but it's all designed
to activate the
right hemisphere.
And the right hemisphere is a
master of spatial intelligence.
So when you engage the spatial
qualities of your mind,
you are switching
on, so to speak,
the circuits of your
right hemisphere,
and this is where
the magic occurs.
And techniques
have been developed
over the centuries and
millennia that are very complex.
But I believe in maximum
efficiency, minimum effort,
which is how the
universe operates.
So here's a shortcut
that works for everyone.
All you do is imagine yourself
surrounded by a large space.
It's not the thought about
being in a big space.
It's the feeling of being
surrounded by a large space.
So you could imagine yourself
at the top of a mountain,
that immense space.
It could be in a big cathedral.
It could be a large
shopping mall.
It could be anything
that has a large space.
It's immaterial what
creates the feeling.
But when you go into the feeling
of being surrounded by space,
your right hemisphere, spatial
intelligence, becomes engaged,
and floating through
the stars requires
your spatial
intelligence essentially.
Those of you who already
know how to do this--
or if you start doing
this feeling of space,
and you feel, oh
yeah, I've got it--
you can add another
layer if you want.
And go to the
realization that there
is no boundary between
your internal space
and the external space.
So in other words, your
personal boundary disappears.
And then all you do is
you listen to the sounds,
like we've been doing yesterday.
And you just float
through the stars.
And what you're
doing-- the reason
we're doing this is from
the standpoint of the ka.
The ancient Egyptians
discovered long ago
that the ka could draw
energies from the stars.
So the ka body draws literally
energies that strengthen it.
So we're going to be traveling.
Some of you are going to
travel through different parts
of the star systems.
This is for the
big imaginary box.
If that's too weird
for you, then I
suggest you just
go to the space--
this is a waking dream.
And all types of weird things
can happen in dreams, right?
Don't worry about it.
It's just a dream.
So don't worry about, oh
my god, I can't really
be floating out in the nebulae.
Oh, it's a dream.
OK.
I'll go with it.
So just enjoy the experience.
I don't know how long
it's going to last,
because this one has
an energy of its own.
And so I'll go over
here, and we'll start.
So imagine yourself
surrounded by large space
as large as you wish it to be.
And we're going to travel
to the stars together.
When your mind wanders, bring
it back to the sense of space.
Have a good journey.
[RHYTHMIC DRUMMING]
[VOCALIZING]
[HUMMING]
[THROAT SINGING]
[VOCALIZING]
[CHANTING]
[BLOWING]
[QUIET CHANTING]
[VOCALIZING]
[THROAT SINGING]